[ADD] Point of Sale: New doc about fiscal positions (#603)
odoo/documentation-user: point_of_sale/restaurant/fiscal_position.rst

=============================
Using fiscal positions in PoS
=============================

In Odoo, *Fiscal Positions* let’s you apply different taxes based on
the customer location. In a *Point of Sale*, like a restaurant, it can
be used to apply different taxes depending if the customer eats in or
takes away.

Set up fiscal positions for PoS
===============================

To enable this feature, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Point of Sale`. 
Then, check *fiscal position per order*. Now, you can choose the fiscal positions
you want for your *PoS*.

.. image:: media/fiscal_position_01.png
    :align: center

.. note::

>    You need to create your fiscal positions before using this feature.

Author: Unfortunately, the accounting doc related to Fiscal Positions has not been updated yet.

Using fiscal positions
======================

Once on your *PoS* interface, click on the *tax* button.
Now, choose the fiscal position you need for your current order.

.. image:: media/fiscal_position_02.png
    :align: center

Set up a default fiscal position
================================

If you want to use a default fiscal position, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration 

> --> Point of Sale` and enable *Fiscal Position*. Now, choose one to set as the default one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set a fiscal position as default, meaning that a preexisting value is always automatically assigned, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Point of Sale`, enable *Fiscal Position*, and choose the one to be set as the default one.
```

something like this - maybe - giving a bit of explanation to what a default value is to those users less familiar with the 'technical term' (:

.. image:: media/fiscal_position_03.png
    :align: center

.. note::
   Now, the *tax* button is replaced by a *on site* button when on the *PoS* interface.

.. image:: media/fiscal_position_04.png

>     :align: center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. image:: media/fiscal_position_04.png
    :align: center
```

I think this image is not necessary. But if it needs to be kept, it could be added within the "note" (blue container).
